MightyMuffin;-;best game i have ever played. BEST AND WORST GAME THO. your pc will take a hit from this game in the fps range but over all my fav game
kony;-;ArmA2 has much more content and is far more realistic (only medic can heal and it takes a while, weapons acting as real life counterparts, in ArmA3 everything is 'balanced' and you can self-heal in 3 seconds by clicking a proper button). ArmA2 has also more vehicles, more weapons, more everything... really, there is nothing to go for ArmA3 except a bit better graphic, but this is hardly anything important, especially because ArmA2 looks not much worse. Moreover it's been over three months since the release date and the game still has unfinished campaign and terrible AI bugs. You don't have to take my word for it, watch a video: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=178199064
KB_717;-;Arma 3 is a war simulator but gets used for a lot of other reasons example, wasteland altis life etc but there are a few problems with it as it still just been released example the FPS on servers are very bad and i know its not my computer as many other people has complained about it but overall it is worth the $60 
dupeblow;-;Good PC? Buy Arma 3. its worth it
Kyuu;-;UNMODDED: Oh god it hurts. Ignoring  LP bait mods like Altis Life, Wasteland and DayZ. Arma 3 modded is one of the most enjoyable milsims out there and I fully recommend it as long as you don't mind spending first few hours hooking up mods and scenarios which make the game infinitely more fun with huge amount of replay value.
jABRiL;-;mod breaking point dont miss it hellscoop;-;THE ROCKS!!!! THE ING ROCKS!!!!! I SWEAR THEY ARE OUT TO GET ME!!!!!!!!!!!
Nitromen23;-;Arma 3 is very glitched ad horribly unoptimized and yet is still an amazing game so i will rate it a 4 and reccomend it!
IntoTheGabe;-;So once you've figured out what the  you're doing you'll like this game, if not then go play some Call of Duty.
IB6UB9;-;Reminds me a lot of DayZ. It doesn't have any zombies, and it isn't as pick up and play as Day Z either. 10/10-IGN
ola;-;kjuihuyftyddtrfhdsrgstuhiojojnjnjwejk.hwerbukeitugyq7ilwuknjnioqpwkxlwmklvnepruipehw