Eno Etukeno;-;When you crouch, you lift your feet in the air and fall to the ground. 10/10
safeoff';-;WARNING : DO NOT buy this game, if you do, you'll never see the sunlight again !
ManaF;-;CS is one of the greatest and undermined games in history. It is, in my opinion, the best game to ever have a crosshair. It is not a contact sport, so for the girly girls, it is an activity to indulge in. It starts off with a team trying to kill another team. I started playing cs when I noticed jacking off isn't the only activity to do on a computer. I started inviting a lot of friends out and getting drinks, as well as a boom box, to spend a nice summer day in the living room playing this wonderful game. I wanted to play every chance that i could. On my road of cs adventures, I encountered a couple of problems; those being that nobody was as fervent as I was about playing, and that when we did play, nobody was good enough, so it wasn't a lot of fun. Then I discovered that I could sign up for a class with dboorn. I was overly excited, and signed up, but with skepticism at how the class was going to be. Sure enough, I was proven wrong. We started off by practicing a little bit. Then we split off into teams and started playing almost everyday of class. I made some friends, and played with people who had built up their skill gradually over the period of the course. When I play counterstrike, the whole world disappears. Only I, the mouse, and my teammates remain. We are united in a common goal. We strive collectively towards an end we all desire. Each player has a spot to hold. They stand ready and waiting, eager for their chance to aid the team in what they hope will be a forthcoming victory. Thus, CS celebrates the unity of man, the indomitable spirit in all of us that pushes us and drives us towards excellence. When I play CS, I play until my veins pump battery acid, and then I play some more. CS is unique among the games because it teaches all of us that no matter where we are in life, there is a role for us to play, and we can help our fellow man by fulfilling that role, and thereby our destiny. What destiny might you ask? I spoke before of unity. And it is that unity that brings us all together like one big loving family. That is the nature of counter-strike; the many working as one. One machine made of well oiled cogs and wheels, moving in unison, happy to play their part in the production of something greater than themselves. Not that these small metal objects are actually animate, I'm of course speaking only metaphorically. Over the course of the years, I have increased in skill, but I have learned a greater lesson than how to be a better cs player. I have learned how to cooperate with a team to accomplish a goal that we all share. Even if that team is less than ideal. I have realized that cs is about more than just one's athletic ability. Instead, there is a deeper meaning behind the colt, the AK, the AWP, the deagle, the sands under my feet (in d2 or inferno). And more importantly, the teammates at my side. I love them. It is the human element of cs that gives cs its greatness. In conclusion, I love cs. I love to win. I love pushing myself to my physical limits. It's that feeling that first drove me to the computer. For every second that I am not playing cs, there is only an unquenchable thirst to play. A thirst that grows as every minute passes by when I am outside, sitting at the television, or playing sports. I had an extraordinary time playing this game, and I will return to look at the future students of this game to see that bright eager look on their faces to remind me of how I used to feel. This review may be over, this game may be dead, but I will never stop playing couner-strike (1.6).
DESTRUKT;-;It's... aight.
Law ScurB;-;beasstt
Mardscrhash;-;A classical! Definetly I recommend!
Don$N(+)P3R* |;-;Great FPS game, recommended!
kaliber /J/;-;Look son, a legend. (y)
Meghalsz !;-;After all these, years, always.
LuckyFOX_BH;-;That's great game!
azazeL;-;This game is a classic. I lost many hours of sleep and spent a lot of time playing this game from the 1.1-1.6 clients of this game. 1.3 will ALWAYS Have a place as my favorite time i played the game. Still love to pub with friends.
KalashNikoV^;-;get this cuntsss!!
forb41L;-;Awesome game, you can get easily addicted to it.
Serious_ua;-;IT'S THE BEST MULTIPLAYER GAME EVER!!! 10/10
Mohit;-;The best game.. ever!!!
m0dern;-;too fat too neckbear
JuQu;-;Simply the best FPS game ever! --- Played since 2001 ---
FlexonBa;-;Best game on world OLD SCHOOL :)Shaggy;-;Albeit being over a decade old, it's still an amazing game. I have played it both non steam and on steam, making total number of hours played well over 1500 Counter Strike does not come with built in game mode like deathmatch. Hence servers employ amxmodx [amxmodx.org] to create new game modes and modfy game experience of existing ones. Some of game mode I came across are: Deathmatch classic half life dm Capture The Flag A classic mode with each team having a flag and is required to bring opponents' flag to their base. Jailbreak A role play mod where prisoners must find a way to rebel and overthrow guards. Missile Mod Choose a missile from missile menu and kill your opponent. Beware, for your opponent has missiles too. PokeMod Pick up pokeballs lying around and choose active pokemon, you'll get its ability. For instance water pokemon give you heath regen while you are in water. Deathrun A path laid with terrorist controlled traps is awaiting to be crossed by a huge pack of Counter terrorists thristy for terrorist's blood. But if you fall off, you die. Hence deathrun. Hide n Seek Although the name says hide n seek, hiders don't hide. They simply run away and try to out trick seekers in a map skill and experience dependant. Hiders get an HE grenade, two flash grenades and a frost grenade while seekers have knives. Kreedz (KZ) KZ mod is a non violent mod where players find their way through curvings and tricks of map by use of strafe, bunny hop, etc. It is a 'sport' type game, where players compete for the best times amongst the game's several courses. Super Hero Mod You'll be given a list of heroes to choose from. You must choose two of them to get their powers. Trouble in Terrorist Town (TTT) This mod is about a group of "terrorists" who have traitors among them, out to kill everyone who's not a traitor. Cod There are various classes to select from, giving you different abilities including becoming near invisible when wielding a knife. Zombie Escape Zombies are infecting everyone around you and you must survive for given time period. Zombies with hp of over 2000(depending of server) are coming for your brains! If they infect you, you become one of them and carry out their mission: infect all humans. Surf Mod A fun mod with ramps all over map. You must surf these ramps and get kills by perching on a 'vantage' point to get kills(or to get killed) Nightcrawler Nightcrawlers are around you totally invisible. pay attention on your team mates, if one dies, you have an idea of where the nightcrawler was at that time. All in all, it is a very amazing game.
[TDC] MOISTMAKER;-;As of writing this, it is the year 2015. Currently as of 7/19/2015 this game has 20,626 players. More than Battlefield 4 and Call of duty on PC. Old graphics but fun game.
General.Duck!!!!!;-;It was fun. I like this.