Kyubashi;-;And you thought real life was a struggle.
ephir;-;I only played a little but it was fun.
Captain Obvious;-;Things I gave to DotA: 1. Money 2. Time 3.
Mr.Vader;-;Divide and Conquer Dota began it's way as simple mode and appeared as game The game is suitable for as for beginners as well for professionals Inspite that gameplay is simple but everyone will be interested The main guarantee of victory is TEAMWORK But sometimes you will play with "too POLITE" people, so prepare yourself for any occasion In the conclusion, I recommend this game for all kind of gamers
Crazypieman77;-;I love this game Then I played a ranked game with 2 of the worst dota players I've ever seen who thought everyone else on our team was wrong and they were right and need to type this slowly because my hands are physically shaking from how angry and depressed I am 10/10
Aisaka Taiga;-;DOTO IS COCAINE except that an overdose of it will give you the super power of speaking russain and time warp from night to morning instead of killing you :D 10/10 would never go outside again
Blade #nvm;-;More Russians than Russia its self.
1000boa;-;The best game in the whole world!
[OKW] Hitler's best friend;-;It have the worst Community, avoid at all cost also latin americans are everywhere even if you set your language preference to english. 0/10 would end up hearing a Latin american ing about how do i play.
Limondov Joe;-;First lie in Dota2: "All heroes are balanced"
Edek;-;Epic game but too much Russians on European/English servers.
Nagato BOT;-;feeding simulator 2015 2.0
Dwyer79;-;Very fun competitive game
QK;-;ing  makes me ragequit all the time! One mistake and you are anally  by the other team AND your teammates.  THIS GAME! 10/10.
AP.SPUHGHETTY;-;This is the game in which you'll be criticized for sucking, regardless of performance. This is the game in which you'll learn to hate the russians. This is the game that sucks your social life away more than World of Warcraft. And so many other things. Definetly recommend it. For it. Is. Good.
Heart~;-;Very addicting game
.;-;learn to swear in russian in 3 days!!!
meem connoisseur1337;-;It's ok
KS.Ari;-;Nice graphic and in game item !
Lmon;-;Everyone is playing it :D
Virginix;-;Harder than league of legends. (and more challenging for me)
Bleh!;-;Great, but addictive.
