jutcrathorne;-;ive bought this game for many years and think this might be my last. firstly im not keen on spending 30 a year on something that could be released as an update. the lack of competition in the manager genre has made SI very lazy, to the point where they make one or two small changes and market it as a new game. here are some of the points where my problems lie -ridiculous injurys, in my first season there was not one point where i didnt have at least six players injured -how many times in real football does a team make all its subs then a player gets injured and they finish the game with 10 men? well in FM about one in three games but amazingly never to the computer opponent -its almost impossible to generate any momentum anymore in FM, you will be playing well then suddenly lose for no reason -football has always been in the headlines for footballers astronomical wages, thank god its not like FM, youth players who have never made a first team appearance asking for 40k! agents of average players asking for 5mill in fees! -instead of improving things like the ability to see how your players have performed in training during the week to help your decisions on who to play SI add 'tunnel interviews'?!? i can imagine the meeting at SI 'so what have the fans on the forums been asking for' 'well their all desperate for more press interviews in the game, they just dont feel theres enough' as fans of the series we should treat SI like an alchoholic relative and not hand over money to them to continue their bad habits, in this case their bad habits being treating fans like cash-cows that they can just make sub-standard games for and rely on fan loyalty
Disco Stu;-;There are some good things about FM 2015 which might make it interesting for someone who has never played the series before. For me, as a pretty hardcore player, I feel like I'm in a vicious circle just feeding my malcontent about the game, but cannot break my addiction. And hell, I've had many spells of FM addiction throughout the last fifteen years, but they are only truly rewarding when I feel I can make a difference with my particular style of play. And my preferred scenario is the lower league model, excessive scouting, wheeler dealer kind of approach, which is worth very little in 2015. The thing that works the least, for me, is that I don't feel I can truly play the game the way I would want to play it. My expectation is that somehow getting a few amazing players in a League 2 or Conference team should show. But whether it shows or not depends on chance, player ratings are very position dependent, with central midfielders taking the runt of bad ratings, however amazing they may seem. So I might spend hours searching for the coolest prospects I can find, fishing for work permits for my non-eu conquests, but getting phenomenal players on a mediocre squad matters very little. The general feeling is of a wooden game. Bizarre things happen which seem to defy reason. Some are buggy, like goalkeeper reactions, some are fixable via lengthy tactical tinkering, like defending corners, and others are the worst of all: monotonous. Long distance goals? Maybe on TV. A fast player outrunning a defender unless the latter fumbles it? Keep dreaming. Half competent goalkeepers seem harder to find than the proverbial needle. And then there's an aggressive randomness to how a team behaves and matches unfold. My "concede within the first ten minutes syndrome" seems unshakable. I am not saying it cannot be done, but the feeling is that it is something that needs to be fixed from the get go, rather than something that should be reasonably fine under normal conditions, like corners. And when there's a huge quality gap between your players and the opposition, it all gets hard to fathom. So why have I played hundreds of hours of this? On the one hand, the addiction. On the other, that elusive feeling when things actually do go right and you win an amzing match. But I am left frustrated because FM seems to be going nowhere, the development of the game fails to address key issues year after year. A balanced match engine. A bit of flair and a bit of the unexpected. Some character and individuality to the players. Unbiased ratings. Consistency and logic in the transfer system. Of course it's not easy and there's a lot of back and forth in trying to get it all together, but considering the heritage of this series, I cannot avoid a distinct sensation of complacency, padded with the occasional UI revamp or a couple of shiny new features. Bottom line: if you have not played this yet, maybe wait it out some more, like until SI decide to take the bull by the horns and create another classic. There are many people who enjoy working on this game and its database is a treasure trove, an inimitable advantage for anyone interested in joining the fray. The risk with taking it up is that even if you get it for free, time costs incurred are not worth the experience and chances are your passion for football will be your downfall, in spite of this.
XB92AI;-;I have played every iteration of the Football Manager series, long before I even used Steam and I have to say that Football Manager 2015 has some of the most glaring issues I have seen within the series. Manager customization has been inserted and is a step in the right direction, but not entirely. So, you will get to "customize" the stats of your manager. Are you more laid back or more technical? The option to customize and edit stats as such as adaptability and understand of things like attacking, defensive, etc are there. However, i don't entirely know what impact they have on the game as In my 9 hours of playing I haven't really noticed it or came across them again. I also do not know if these stats improve or worsen over time, depending on what you do - as the game does not tell you, even in the very brief tutorials. The new user interface layout is amazing and is long overdue. I actually found that I stopped playing Football Manager 2014 because of the UI. It was clunky, it was a mess and I had no idea where anything was. It was all just text and drop down menu's. Now there is a nice sidebar which provides links that take you to the most important and most used parts of the game as such as tactics, scouting, team, etc. Purchasing players is odd this year. Sometimes it is extremely easy to buy a player and others extremely difficult, for no reason - even if you are trying to purchase an already transfer listed player or a reserve player getting no games at his current club. The old "Let me pay 100m on a 48 month deal" STILL works. You can buy any player that wants to come to your club if you use this method and it totally breaks the entire game. My biggest gripe and the sole reason why I need to give a bad recommendation to this game: The AI and the match engine. The AI in Football Manager 2015 is the worst I have ever seen in the series. If you actually sit and watch the match unfold you will see some of the following: - Players running for a ball and stopping for no reason - The goalkeeper saving the ball, standing back and staring at the ball, which is touching his feet - A Player will chase the ball down the wing at full speed, slow down and allow a opposing team player to catch up and take the ball. - Opposing team player has the ball and stands still. All of your players are polite enough to let him stand still. - Outrages tackles: Ball is moving out of your box, opposing striker is running out of your box. There is no threat. Defender will slide tackle him as he is leaving the box and give away a penalty. - CB's that seem to play as strikers, leaving entire gaps in your defence. Red cards, injuries and own goals - EVERYWHERE. I have not went through a game yet where there has not been at least one own goal either by my team or the opposing team. They are everywhere. Red cards and injuries happen in abundance - I have had 10 players injured within the first month of a season even though I had average training and not too many games in quick succession. Tactics do not work as they are intended. If you sit down and take the time to read and learn how to create tactics, you will be so frustrated. The game gives you descriptions of what each position and instruction does, in depth. This is great. However, they do not work as they say. Short passing, retaining position and not punting the ball up the park? Team constantly just fires the ball all over the park with next to no short passing. Push higher up the park? Team sits deep. Because of these issues, scorelines can be ridiculous. In my first 5 games of the season there was a combined number of 30 goals between me and the other team. My first game finished 5-4 and my second was 6-3. This all leads to a very frustrating experience overall. Every year SI always say "we are improving the match engine". Where are these improvements? I have not seen any improvements, just more bugs and terrible AI. I love this series and I am a huge football fan, but I feel obliged to tell fellow consumers not to purchase this product until it vastly improves.
TheBlackCaptain;-;I've been a huge fan of FM going way back before the big split that led to Championship Manager and Football Manager. Since I started this game, I've won the league once and the treble in another season. I'm in my fourth season. So it's not like I'm whinging because I can't win. But there is clearly something wrong with the matchday engine. The most succinct way I can put it is that it's like they've decided Brazil vs Germany from the last WC is commonplace. I'll keep 8 straight clean sheets (or something like that) then get beaten by a promoted side 6-0, or 7-5! What's more, I've noticed other games in the league finishing 8-6, and stuff like that. Since I started counting, in three seasons I've seen goalkeepers chipped from the touchline or from inside the defending half 27 TIMES!!! The game needs a lot of work. It's a winning franchise; so, all they need to do is fix it. But don't spend your money on it until they do. They have released a very dodgy product. I've never seen an FM release like it. Just makes the game seem ridiculous, even when you're winning. And that's not why people play this game, right?
Poseidonium;-;Too realistic. My arsenal team is getting too many injuries.
matty1monopoly;-;This game has way too much DLC that was very obviously cut out of the game in order to charge more for it. Instead of allowing files to be modded in their directory, it will be sold as a modding tool for the very low price of 5 dollars. Time to actually review the game. If you love having lots of tabs and things to click on that are only there for viewing purposes and cannot be changed. Then this is the game for you. Tons of options that will never pay off and rarely have a meaningful impact. The game is just in need of being stream lined or having more impactful decisions. You are just a coach manager and little more.
Jack2724;-;Very bad, no much happens.
Potato God;-;If this game could potato it would over-potato
wezza14;-;I got this game 5 days ago and already have 75 hours played fair to say im addicted
camay927;-;I am sertant it hacked my youtube account
David;-;Really enjoying this game, Although there was lots of injuries when i first started. I feel like the game is a harder and focuses more on man management, for example if your player is unhappy about their contract or the amount of games he's played then he can disrupt the squad unless you sort the problem out. Overall I'm enjoying the game my highlight so far has been managing Man Utd and being 3-0 down at half time against Newcastle at St James's Park before switching to an attacking tactic i created and bringing on James Wilson who scored a hattrick in an incredible 4-3 comeback that included two stoppage time goals.
= OathBreakeR =;-;REVIEW AFTER UPDATE 15.03 The game goes much nicer then the first one after this update, match engine improvement, many bugs been solved though some not fixed yet, but its expected since its still on Beta. Can't wait the full release on November 7, I hope by that time most of the remaining bugs or maybe all the bugs are fixed. I love the side bar panel on this year version, sure need time to get used to it but for me its more simple and nice to see, they put much more detail on feature on this year version too like team talk etc. Many improvement from last year version that I cant write it all but for me its worth to buy it though its still on beta and even more worth to buy after the 15.03 update. Almost 100 hours playtime on two weeks for me that mean this is a game that worth to be in your library if you like to become a football manager.
10Snipershot;-;This game is a must have. I hate soccer in real life, its SO boring to watch and i think its one of the worst sports. However this game is amazing that it makes me like soccer and makes me want to get into it. The realistism of this game from simple stuff like player moral to the more complicated things. If only EA sports could do as good of a job as this company does... (This is WAY better then football manger 2014 FYI)
pbrover;-;How can I reccommend this game when I cannot find the EDITORS anywhere on this site?
vinamra123;-;Addictive. Really addictive. Really really addictive.
Phoejix;-;Quite a few glitches but thats because i'm playing the Alpha version. Looks like its going to be another succesful instalment to the series!
Razzu Dawn Keebals;-;Awesome game as always, Football Manager '15 is the best FM so far , keep it up :D! Any old FM fan should get this !
Katsotil;-;This game is more loading screen than game.
Silver 1 Smerf;-;Well there i was looking to enjoy the nexr edition off FM. Oh dear who on earth made this one, must be someone that has never seen a game of football in their life . 1. Goalkeepers from other teams play like Gordan Banks my goalkeeper is making all kinds of blunders. 2. I agree some games even if you have 70 percent possession you can still lose to a counter attack, however not every game. there is too many times that you have 40 shots with no goal and the other team have 1 shot 1 goal . Highlights still look like we have a graphics engine from the days of manic miner . I went to buy a player at Man United and asked the board, they said that they agree however cant afford LOL (really) Also some teams are way overated like Liverpool and others .Programmer must have a liverpool shirt on Steven im dead gerrard beat walcott in a race for the ball WTF
TheJamesG;-;Completely worth the money I have spent on it. When the pre-order became available I brought it. Since the Beta I have had many saves. For many people Football Manager isn't just a game but a way of life. I started in the Beta as Watford Manager (My favourite club), I played this save through the beta and in this time won the triple, the Prem, FA cup and capital one. Then I moved on to a journey man save, my manager had Sunday league experience with no coaching badges and over the 15 year period I managed 7 clubs in 6 different leagues winning 7 pieces of silver ware. Then I am currently playing as Stevenage manager with the aim to make the club self-sufficient, with currently being in 2026 and one every competition I have been in in the last 4 years (Would be 5 but thanks to arsenal I lost the fa cup). Moving onto the game. Going from fm14 where I have over 760 hours the UI was very different seeing the task bar moving from the top to the side was very weird, but unlike first thought takes up less room as well as makes tasks easier. Personally I dont use skins but with the community out there finding a perfect skin is easy. With badges and kits I always mod the game in this particular side although when I first loaded the game I was happy to see nearly every league had the kits and badges except for Germany and the English Premier League due to licenses. The Match engine is extremely better than the previous years and this makes the game so much better. With the FM community the badges, kits and more is available to combat the license issues. With finding regens and making them world class you can easily create bonds with the players. Overall I have over 1150 hours playing this beautiful game and I have extremely enjoyed the game and will continue to enjoy FM15. For many of the players they will agree Football Manager is a way of life. This game is completely worth its price. From Regen hunting (where you look for good young players to develop) to just straight up winning games, if you love football this game is for you.
speakerbox;-;Ive played these games since the champ man days, this has to be the worst version! The AI of the game is unreal, you have players hitting the post countless times in a match, conceeding goals within 20 seconds and injury lists as long as your arm. These are all part of the game in real life you may say, i agree, not like the kind you see in this game. You can be barcelona and be a goal down within 20 seconds with messi hitting the post every 2 minutes ( "it beats the keeper!! the keeper gathers the ball)
Flareon;-;Many hours have been lost playing this game. 10/10