Based Eli;-;1) Join roleplay server 2) Become gun dealer 3) Spawn you and your bros some assault rifles 4) Go on mass killing spree across the land 5) Laugh and listen as 30 pre-pubescent voices cry and scream 6) Get kicked 7) Rejoin and do it all again 10/10
Origibro the Nalaholic;-;The only game in which you will have a 10GB Addon folder.
TheDayZHero;-;Got called a big meanie by a little kid on some shitty DarkRP server. I threw a stove at the cunt. I R8 8/8
[SpecAd]Flipped_Storm;-;Joined a DarkRP server Annoyed a guy by knocking on his door Got arrested because I was standing Police said I had an illegal weapon (crossbow) Had no items Finally got out Walked into the jail behind police and mayor Ran away before was caught Saw police holding a radio Saw someone chasing the radio police Stole the radio Ran from the owner of the radio for 5 minutes Got shot down Respawned Got told to stop using a Wiremod item by a mod when it was part of the server Annoyed a guy by knocking in his door again Picked up a hobo's boot Accidentally propkilled an admin with said boot Immediately left the server 10/10 Would propkill again
garry :D;-;I love Garry's Mod
Left Boob 1949;-;Garfy mod is good like me sweg i ply Ttt and kill all inno when me is decetisd i love snd box mod cuz of giant dik on dik action with the skyrim on milk pour fruits with g homo by me side you can faze mofos like chang mixed with fresh chang i woudl buy game cuz not much to do in game like i shoooot guy and dies wat dat ? i dont buy game to shot i buy game to shoot this  10/10 wouldnt play this boobie milk on a highway mixed with boob fried french fries
Dr.Pacman;-;I played it a little bit and I guess its ok.
Commander Babby;-;Never played that game, but it's probably a 10/10.
Artorias;-;Who needs a review for garrys mod? I mean, it's freaking garrys mod! Flying rocket sofa, weird animation faces, npc scenes in akward positions, blowing up things with bombs, dubstep shotguns and even a pe-nis rocket. Also, it's a good and simple tool for more some animation, like a funny shortmovie. "But those things will get monotonous for me one day, right?" BEEH. Wrong. Even if you get tired of these weird and random things (which is nearly impossible, specially if you play with friends) there are many other possibilities. You can download other game mods from the workshop for FREE (Yes, no DLC ). Hide 'n seek, zombie survival, race modes, golf, murder simulator 2015 and a much more!. And, if you have CS Source mounted, you will be able to play my favourite game mod - Trouble in Terrorist Town. The idea is pretty simple. The map starts, all players are terrorists. Among them, few people get to be "traitors", and few get to be "detectives". The traitors must kill everyone else, and the detectives have special tools to help in the investigation. Nothing satisfies more than pulling the trigger in a group of people saying "I'm not the traitor". Chaos is released and people start random shooting without even knowing the reason. Also, when you are a traitor you can buy your special equipment as well - Jihad bomb, knife stealth kill, get rekt gravity cannon and much more! In gmod not even the sky is meant to be a limit. Do what you want, the way you want, Anyway, ignore my poor english and buy this game NOW. 10/10, totally recommend it
Jo Con;-;You can do a whole lot of  in this ing game.
Altair 47;-;It's Garry's Mod. Need I say more?
Artorias;-;Who needs a review for garrys mod? I mean, it's freaking garrys mod! Flying rocket sofa, weird animation faces, npc scenes in akward positions, blowing up things with bombs, dubstep shotguns and even a pe-nis rocket. Also, it's a good and simple tool for more some animation, like a funny shortmovie. "But those things will get monotonous for me one day, right?" BEEH. Wrong. Even if you get tired of these weird and random things (which is nearly impossible, specially if you play with friends) there are many other possibilities. You can download other game mods from the workshop for FREE (Yes, no DLC ). Hide 'n seek, zombie survival, race modes, golf, murder simulator 2015 and a much more!. And, if you have CS Source mounted, you will be able to play my favourite game mod - Trouble in Terrorist Town. The idea is pretty simple. The map starts, all players are terrorists. Among them, few people get to be "traitors", and few get to be "detectives". The traitors must kill everyone else, and the detectives have special tools to help in the investigation. Nothing satisfies more than pulling the trigger in a group of people saying "I'm not the traitor". Chaos is released and people start random shooting without even knowing the reason. Also, when you are a traitor you can buy your special equipment as well - Jihad bomb, knife stealth kill, get rekt gravity cannon and much more! In gmod not even the sky is meant to be a limit. Do what you want, the way you want, Anyway, ignore my poor english and buy this game NOW. 10/10, totally recommend it
Mrdude;-;Great game, buy it for your kids so they can watch adulterated films with their friends :)
Kapper Johnson;-;Misread title, thought was Garry's Mom. Best mistake I ever did.
xXReaperCallinXx;-;10/10 made hentai with this game. then snorted 10 pounds of coke and furiously wanked to Barny
sam;-;Gmod is bae
Asian Taco;-;I got to be a stripper 11/10
Rootbeer;-;Very fun,Addictive +1 to this game if you like playing and building get the game Garry's Mod can be anything actually Stop it slender,Darkrp Ect.
Kryslum;-;I blew up a watermelon with a rocket launcher. 10/10