Utage;-;Game itself is good, but Rockstar is using a pretty shoddy business practice. They're forcing you to buy the game AND Shark Cards, which are just in-game multiplayer money, while the game is on "sale". This shouldn't be acceptable. It's basically an excuse for them to charge full price for their game while claiming it's on sale. UPDATE: For anyone wondering why I said "forced" to buy it bundled. During the first few hours of the sale you couldn't buy GTA V by itself. You had to buy one of the bundles if you wanted the game.
Courier;-;Long story short. For people who love GTA and want to play singleplayer only, this is for you. If you want to play online, you will probably get killed by hackers. And guess what? Rockstar does nothing about it. There is no simple way to report players, so your only options are to hope to find a good session without any hackers. Game itself 10/10, GTA Online 3/10 hackers everywhere... --EDIT-- This is it...Decided to improve my flying skills, all of the sudden my character jumps off the plane (I didn't press anything), freezes and that's it. Can't move at all (Some sort of hack). Joined another session. After few minutes I noticed two people with godmode on, so I went passive mode. But guess what? They started shooting cars at me and I died about 10 times. I advice you not to buy this game at all.
Duck Hunter;-;I never expected to see this extraordinary ammount of greed from a dev this big. Rockstar has priced GTA V to $80 and reduced it to $60, then removed the ability to buy the game by itself so that it could only be bought in bundles with extra  no one wants. By bundling the game with the micro transaction money, anyone who purchases it cannot ge a refund. Not only is this a violation of FTC regulation and EU law, it is the biggest  move I have seen on steam yet. I would have rather had my $60 go to the WarZ devs than this . Since then, rockstar has added the ability to buy GTA V alone for $60. Truly a noble move. They don't even have this level of garbage business on consoles.
[S|B] Jericho VioletSkyy;-;Rockstar decided to become greedy at the sight of the sweet, sweet steam summer sale. 0/10 would not recommend again. ****Update**** Okay, so some people don't understand why people, including myself, are mad that the base game is not on sale. When Steam's Summer Sale first began, the base game of GTA V was on sale for $30, but it was only at that price for roughly 10-20 minutes. Instead of keeping it at that price, they decided they could con buyers by raising the base game's price back to normal and instead add a shark card to make it appear as if the game was still on sale, which, as countless others have stated, is shady business. I'm not mad that the base game isn't on sale; it's their right as a company to not have to put it on sale. I'm just mad that they would use the aforementioned tactics.
Akashi;-;Used underhanded marketing to sell you things you didn't want to make it look like a sale. Should have never went on sale, or pretended to. I don't think the game costs 80$. EDIT: Let me clear up some information that people seem to be misinformed about. This was posted when R* was doing their shady steam sale promotion. At the beginning you couldn't buy GTA V alone, at it's regular price of $59.99. You could buy it at the same price but with it's in game money card. Which was the only way to buy it, unless you wanted GTA San Andreas or Max Payne. So if someone posts in the comments about me being wrong about it being $80 then they should go do some Googling about what happened. If they hadn't put it on sale GTA V could only be bought at $84.99, so it was a fake sale.
Atvcrash;-;Great game honestly but bumping the price to 80.00USD before the summer sale just to be able to say "25% off" is a scum move.
Batem4n;-;10/10 - It ruined my life.
Benjamin Ghazi;-;Launched GTA Online and was immediately run over by someone driving a sports car. 10/10.
Bolturu;-;I purchased this game... 3 times (old gen console, this gen console and now pc). Must be alright for that many purchases... or im an idiot probably the latter, the modding scene is opening up now. You have that to look out for, its already progressing quite fast to be honest. Thats pretty much why i got it on pc in the first place... mods.
Away[FK];-;This game is cool
RbRH;-;what can i say about this game? only thing i hated was the wait for the game to come out other then that this game is 9/10 for me runs smooth on my new quad core (A-10 by AMD) an the graphics are crisp an beautiful i love it an recommend it too anyone of my friends!
TLR | Dale_Campanile;-;This is a great game! Finally after 2 years we got it and it's in no way disappointing! Pros: Everything! Cons: It was not here earlier!
Nimso;-;I played GTA V on the Xbox 360, and recently transferred my game progress over to the PC. The PC version looks way better, and the controls are better. I thought that using the keyboard/mouse to control the vehicles while driving was going to be bad, but it is not that bad. The shooting using the keyboard/mouse makes the game 10x better.
Justin;-;I'm only doing this for a badge, good game though lol
Ether;-;Loading Review...
Duke of Wellington;-;No one likes me in real life, no one likes me in this game. 10/10 realisim
Mort;-;Jwell Jwell Jwell. Gland Thefft Awwto This game is a prime example of AAA filth. it had a massive budget and cool graphics and features, but is unpolished as hell with  interfaces and terrible online. still, they get away with it because of the massive name and its hype. The developpers are also notorious for their JewBlizz behaviour. they release the game 3 different times and know they will get away with it because each time it is released, it is lacking in some department. The online caters to casuals and is rigged to make them money from ingame purchases. they left out alot cool posibilities because it would make the fedora queeers soil themselves. The single player is good. i cant lie. 9/10 probably. i really like the amount of customization that goes into online (even though everybody is autistic and looks the same, wearing suits and fedoras.) This game is difficult to review. The core of the game is really cool and fun, but there is a crust of Rockstar  surround it that makes it really unpleasant to deal with. it makes me ashamed that i supported rockstar by buying this games twice. i think i will go with a 8/10
Riik;-;Loading Screen Simulator 2015 is the best and most realistic simulator game ever created. You really feel like you're truly experiencing loading screens with complete realism. Jokes aside, I've never been a fan of the GTA series. I hate drugs, vulgar language, excessive sexualisation and crime. And I've never really enjoyed a GTA game. But GTAV is different. The world is huge enough, multiplayer is customisable enough and content is enjoyable enough to overcome the downsides that create a defined divide between opinions. This game is 65GB of space well taken. So what makes me overcome my distaste for this game series? Well... the sheer number and variety of cars and weapons, the numerous types and examples of minigames and missions, the list goes on. GTA V is a great game deserving of all the praise it gets and for that, I can't help but recommend this game to even the most closed-minded of people.
Corgi SwagMeowMixKitty;-;If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place. Ingredients: 1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter 2. 1/2 cup white sugar 3. 1/2 cup brown sugar 4. 1/4 cup water 5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 6. 1 pinch salt 7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced 8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie Directions: 1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). 2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside. 3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices. 4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal. 5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust. 6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing
Kingdom;-;Two words Sticky bombs 10/10
Le Brap;-;EPIC GAME! I've owned this game across multiple platforms. It never stops being fun
virus.exe;-;Great game. Online is very fun.
Konlet!;-;is this real life