Leon Declis;-;I am the peaceful nation of the Celts. We shall be the nation of religion, and of diplomacy. This went well; we ended up next to the Babylonians, and we expanded nicely in peace. However, I have always believed in "dibs", so I placed down Glasgow onto the land between us, to provide a little buffer. They seemed annoyed by this. A few warriors glared at each other across our borders for a few hundred years, but otherwise, nothing too bad happened. In order to spread our religion further (because we were known for our Confucian beliefs which helped us grow our borders and spread our religion faster), we begin to invest in boats. Soon we covered the oceans in missionaries, Inquisitor and warriors to help defend our religious allies. Babylon was making friends with a local city state, Genoa. However, they were trying to spread Zoroastrianism; those heathens! Despite both our religions being known for their peace, we passive-aggressively sent missionary and Inquisitor to Genoa. Over the course of about 700 years, we had probably burned a few thousand people for swapping religions; those same Warriors had been given spears now, but they continue to glare at each other from across the borders. I offer Babylon some sugar for their spice; they wanted my sugar, iron, coal and all of my money. I then asked Germany if they wanted sugar for spice; they accepted. North of me, Rome had begun a war with France. Due to my time of peace and massive amounts of trade, I found myself with a huge amount of money. Everytime France and Rome made peace, I knew that Rome was beginning to look on my relatively peaceful country with greedy eyes. So I bought... I gifted many city states my religion and gold, and then I bought... gifted France and Germany enough money to declare with with Rome. While they fought, my Spearmen (now Musketmen) continued to glare with Babylon's, and we continued our 1500 year religious passive-aggression over Genoa. They said I was spying on them; I said I wouldn't. When my spies returned, I sent them back to Babylon. A squad of 5 Great Prophets charged into Babylon, converting left, right and centre. Babylon complained I was being a bit aggressive. I apologised. I then sent more missionaries to Babylon. I had now found every single Civilization; we decided to have a United Nations meeting in 1600A.D. I, as the host, gave everyone a single vote. Except myself. I gave myself 16, due to my popularity. I declared my religion to be the world religion. Every one opposed. I listened to their opinions, and then passed it anyway. When Rome got angry about this, I then paid France to declare war again. When Babylon got angry, I then paid Rome to declare war on them. My civilians were amazingly happy; hugely more than any other place. But because I was an Emperor, they declared me Declis the Terrible; despite my universal healthcare, happy citizens, peaceful religion, not a single war in my entire history and massive popularity in the word. My army consisted of mostly my friends, my city states, and my Musketmen (now Great War Infantry) continued to glare at the Babylonian Great War Infantry, after 2000+ years. A great duty to my nation, their descendants shall continue to frown at the Babylonians until the civilizations of the world fall. Eventually we reached a grand United Nations meeting; I sat on one side of the chamber with my 12 City State friends, and the other 7 nations glared at me from the other side. I said that the People's Confucian Republican Empire of Scotland was the best nation in the world. They all voted against me. I smiled, and then declared I won anyway. Democracy is overrated. Freedom of religion only applies to my religion. I don't need to be stronger when I'm more popular (and my people are probably more beautiful). And if you don't like me, I'll pay your best friend to backstab you. Through this, I came to understand American foreign policy. So Civilization is if nothing else, an educational tool.
Doc;-;You'll decide to play for an hour and you'll realize four days later that your wife left you, but you're so close to killing that scumbag Gandhi that it doesn't even matter. 20/10
Crotch Violence;-;Don't attempt to play this before going to bed.
JD OwO;-;Don't open it before you go to bed. [10/10]
kDeviL;-;For those who are deciding whether or not to purchase civ 5, I will compile a small pros and cons list to help you out. Pros: - Greatest game on Planet. Cons: - Loss of Friends - Loss of Time - Loss of Job - Loss of Pet Fish (poor fish) - Loss of Sleep - Loss of Sex - Loss of Money for snacks - Loss of Money for Drinks - Loss of Money for pot - Well Known Gateway Drug to Crack - Ghandi - Probably Illegal somewhere - Have 350 Hours on Steam - Bought the game 3 weeks ago - Help Me..
Castel;-;Say goodbye to your life.
vash_kurosaki;-;Fun and worth getting
friendly neighborhood dunk meme;-;freaking love this game
Goldhorse;-;I love this game. I've stayed up for countless hours just playing away trying to win. It's easy to learn but hard to master especially if the game is not set in your favor. I would recomend this to good strategists and people who just like having fun with there own civilization games.
Synthetic God;-;Great game, got addicted quickly.
The Poop Scoop;-;50 Hours into your latest save, all is going well. Only 3 leaders left Gandhi, Caesar and Washington. you draft an 'end game' plan in your mind, you will make friends with Gandhi (for obvious reasons he's chill) then procede to befriend Caesar. Then you will take out Washington because he is a  and did not accept an open border agreement 3000 years prior HE MUST PAY. 20 turns later all is going to plan, we are now on Washingtons doorstep, Gandhi and Caesar appear to love and probably fear your superpower nation. All we need to do is eliminate the pesky Americans and ith all our military now on American soil this should not take long. Then after the swift invasion of America we will make a vote for world peace at the U.N (in rome of course) with our new found Indian and Roman brethren it is a sure win! But all of a sudden the distant droning of nuclear sirens start, quickly they become louder and louder, "what is this!?" you think to yourself, a false alarm? You shrug it off maybe Caesae bombing a city state. The game pauses... Gandhi appears on the screen, with a sinister grin he shouts "WAR" in your face. Only seconds after you see a gut wrenching sight. The camera focuses on a nuclear submarine stationed just off the coast of your pride and joy, the capital of your glorious nation. You then hear a rumble, just seconds after a nuclear warhead emerges from the previously hidden submarine, you realise it is too late... you can only watch as the missle closes in. As your city goes up in a giant cloud there are short lived screams from your beloved people, then silence. Before what had just occurred had sunk in, before you could make rescue efforts to save your much loved citizens the humming of quiet engines fall upon your ears. Suddenly countless 'stealth bombers' appear seemingly out of no where, soon the sky is blackened by planes, the game falls almost silent only the whistle of falling bombs remains. You faint from the shock of what is unfolding. You awake shortly after, Gandhi is still flattening what remains of your once prosperous empire, now with 'giant death robots' making the most of his seemingly never ending turn. As Gandhi clinically and relentlessly razes what's left of your broken nation all you can do is weep, your people hacked down in their prime and your glorious nation so mighty just minutes before has just been been all but eliminated in 1 turn. Why oh why did you turn of autosave? did it really speed your game up? was it worth it? Ghandi is a complete , he acts like your friend but WILL nuke the  out of you if even the slightest oppurtunity presents itself. 10/10
BenjiOfTheZulu;-;I only played a little but it was fun.
Jihadi Jamal;-;Do you want to never go outside again? Yes? Then this is the game for you!
Kyubey;-;Built Nuclear Submarines in 1790. 10/10 Best game
spunkylass;-;I tend to set alarms on my phone so I won't forget important things while playing this game... like eating. ...one more turn.
shane;-;I played this game, 10 minutes later approx. 27 hours had passed 10/10
Hacho;-;Just one more tur-WHEN DID THE SUN COME UP?
tzxcv;-;this game is very realistic. The japanese first started in north america where they were at constant odds with their neigbours russia and songhai. They managed to conquer them all and set across the seas where they setteled in modern day europe where they also met geroge washington and the arabs. The arabs were very strong and conquering everyone including america so then japan libertaed america from their arab opperssors but the americans decided to invade japan with it's longswords men but they were no match against the japanese giant death robots
TheTurboNerd524;-;The Zulu kept calling me puny,so I nuked them. 10/10,Would nuke again.
Redeptior;-;Don't buy this game unless you have the sparetime for it! You'll get hooked for hours - even considering staying home from work to play just... one... more... turn!
Meiji;-;Civilization V is by itself a good game, but not the best in the series. Civilization V with the two expansions Gods and Kings and Brave New World turns this game into by far the most addicting and streamlined entry yet. Engaging in border disputes, tech stealing, and global commerce are vary satifying (unless you are the one being exploited!).
max.hollmen;-;This game includes hours of fun and helps you learn about history.
Greeker;-;Love this game, thumbs up for sure. Played the different versions before purchasing the Steam compilation. Wish I could rotate the loading videos from the original, to G&K, then BNW.
Jake;-;What a game
Nova Bomb;-;Very fun game that requires much strategy