Cats #hs;-;I'm sure I had a social life before... Doesn't matter, Hats.
Vincentor;-;I spent over 6.1 thousand hours playing this game for the past 5 years and I'm still not tired off it. It's somewhat decent.
Nate Socks;-;Want to jump around like an annoying prick who can dodge literally anything that's thrown at him? Want to use your ammunition to propel yourself across the map at incredibly high speeds and shoot a barrage of high powered rockets in the faces of your enemies? Want to burn down the homes of those you hate and simultaneously think about unicorns and rainbows? Want to operate highly explosive bombs and grenades while shouting like a drunk scottish man wielding a medieval sword? Want to eat sandviches? Want to carry your team by sticking a life saving device up other people's butts and become the center of attention because everyone either loves or hates your very soul? Want to build aimbot guns that do all of the work for you while you sit in a chair and drink beer? Want to be an MLG 360 noscope champion who throws  at people? Want to use invisible hacks and kill other players in just one hit by pretending you're one of their friends? Then play TF2. 10/10 would wear a hat again.
subinka :] ft. Pitbull;-;This game has taught me that you're only socially accepted when you have a nice hat. its alright 11/10
shibitto;-;best place to legally make 13 year olds cry 10/10
Vote-Kick Counter: 1;-;I could've spent that money on chairty. ... But instead I bought virtual hats. 10/10
Mio;-;I was so excited to load up Team Fortress 2, a cool wacky FPS that was team based and had many variations! Awesome! I said to myself. This must be way better than Call of Duty! As the download was running I sat on my chair eager to play the game, I started searching up some videos on the game and basic gameplay mechanics so I could get the edge on the competition, I learned many things that I could apply in battle! Before I knew it the download was complete! Awesome! I sat there as the game loaded up, eager to get into a server! I saw a map called "ctf_2fort" "That map sounds fun!" I exclaimed, I joined the server and was greeted with a class selection screen. I figured I should play the sniper since my experience in other FPS would help me through. My first ever spawn! I promptly walked forward out of the doorway and was greeted by a demoman camping spawn with his stickybomb launcher. I died. 10/10
-AoG-SHARKE BYTE [FYG];-;If you are scared of hats dont play this game.
Ammy;-;It's certainly a game.
[Private] @Will Smith kys;-;spent over 200 unneeded USD on the game and lost multiple friends I suggest you get this game Update: Spent over 500 dollars. Watched a friend, who has been playing this game for less than 3 weeks, unbox his first unusual from his first crate. Scammed it out of him giving him a strange fire ax and a 12 cent CSGO skin. Lost 6 more friends, almost when hatrupt, lost 12 hats, and sold half my weaps and miscs. gibus/10 would honestly still play this game.
RubberRoss;-;Not a blanket fort simulator, was very disappointed.
[FP] Soof (vaca);-;TF2=hats CoD=no hats TF2>CoD
Pkms;-;Bread Edit ~ Ducks
Simmer;-;you can hit people with shovels
Catbug;-;Hit a guy with a dead fish 10/10
Lole;-;Ruined my life.10 stars.
paulos_achileas;-;this game is one of the best FPS tha I have play
Chubby Bear Topo;-;This, my friends, is an awesome game. With 9 diffrence classes to choose from, with diffrence weapons and personailties, it is a real stunning game. From multiple maps, lots of game modes, hats, miscs and badges. Stranges, Uniques, and unsuals! Lots of items to get, enough to fill your day with fun.
Algorithm;-;Uh... I'll write this review in a sec... just 1 more game...
Lovegaming;-;A nice game! I have got the game before it was announced to be free to play and I can say that the game is awesome, but there is one problem... Now there are a lot of items which is actually ok, I mean, you can customize your classes how you want, but speaking about the economy, I think it was much better before it was announced to be free to play. 9.5/10
ionlypanda | Miku Brotherhood;-;I recommend team fortress 2 becasue it is a good game to play, You don't have to be good, there are new thing every time they update it do you won't get borad, there are lots of severs to play on so you don't have to stay on one sever, you get to play with lots of people, this game makes my controls better casue you got to jump, run fast, shoot, and kill alot of times. This game helps me on typeing, the W,A,S,D controls and my mouse/aiming/moving/looking too. Try it you will maybe like it as well as i do.
MeeMngineer;-;10/10 Perfect and good hat simulator :D
Don't Call Me Bertlu;-;i hust did this for the badge
$uokukko;-;This game is great. After getting a premium account.
BloodySpy [];-;Really Fun If U Played other Fps Game u will have experience
Gepsu;-;Great game!
The Geezz [MicS];-;My experience is fairly limited, I don't play many games, but I do think TF2 is fun, and with the right group of people, its hilarious!
Omi-Box;-;A money waster A GREAT money waster!
Plugger;-;Good FPS game, probably best Free game I have ever seen.
On Vacation 14 days;-;I had something called "Life" but then I found this game.
Headsquasher;-;I'd say something like "hats off to this game", but some people might be offended by that.