Zetsuji;-;I only played for a bit but it seems alright.
Darkin20;-;How can you not reccomend this game. The scope is huge, the quests are plentiful, the gameplay and graphics are still amazing. You will lose many hours of your life with this game happily.
Sui;-;Robbed house, girl caught me, she ran outside to find guards and everybody attacked her. 10/10 IGN
Signum;-;If you're going to buy one game on Steam. This is it. Get mods, and you get an infinite game.
WolfJob;-;Killed a chicken and became #1 Enemy of state. 10/10
TheeYoloSwagMaster;-;"I walked around in this game for 98 hours having a blast and feeling epic before I found out how to sprint 10/10 would walk around for 98 hours again, funny thing is I really didn't even mind that I couldn't sprint lol" What can I say about Skyrim that hasn't been said already. If you don't own this game you are missing out on an experience of a life time. This game offers +100 of hours of content in an immersive world and on top of that there are over +20,000 mods to customize your Skyrim to the experience you want. Go and get this game.
Beautiful Banjo;-;I killed a chicken, and the entire town banded together to kill me. 10/10
spapro;-;One of the best open world cooking games of the year. There are so many ingredients to find such as herbs and spices to use in order to create masterful dishes. The game borrows cooking gameplay heavily from 'cooking mama' which is easy to spot for a michelin star cook. One of the best games of the year - 10/10 would cook again.
Pistal;-;Can play as cat people - 10/10
(Watching anime);-;400hrs played. 100hrs playing vanilla Skyrim. 300hrs playing Skyrim with mods. 75% of the amount of time I played Skyrim was because of the amazing mod community. Would buy this game with all its DLC over and over again til im bankrupt and can't play it no more. SO BUY IT !
Jared Fogle;-;Getting really high and flying a dragon through the skies; Getting smashed and kicking everyone's ; Lighting some dream crystal, and uhh.. collecting crystals.. Snorting a line and committing various crimes; Whatever state of mind you go in, you'll certainly be entertained. But, the additives definitely ensure the game's not lame So far I have collected thousands of minerals and countless bottles of skooma.. In hopes that my Breton dealer can amass a king's fortune Then I'll build myself a badass mansion where I'll have high elf babes everywhere and I can pork their brains out and pass on my half-blood seed.
Ashara;-;Great game. I've been playing it for more than two years and I have enjoyed every minute.
Lord Banana;-;Let's make short and simple: If you are on steam, and you don't own this game, then you're doing it wrong. WRONG. The game is immensley vast, atmosphere is so.. cool. The game will just suck you in. It has LOADS of contents that will keep you busy for 100+ hours for sure. And mods are just icing on the cake; if you're a graphics-hungry person, mods can make this game look better than most "next-gen" games out there, if modded correctly. And the sceneries, oh the sceneries, I just feel like sitting on my chair and just keep staring at those vast fields of beautiufl grasslands. Totally recommend this game. 15/10. BUT, but, one and only con that I found is of the fighting mechanics; it is just so bland. Nothing else I dislike about this game.
Rand Paul 2016;-;It's my favorite game of all time.
dakotahaylee;-;Well Valve you ED it up thanks!
Eric;-;Paid mods, not even once.
Jacob {Trading};-;This game is really amazing. It's almost 4 years old and still plays and looks great. Definitely buy this game.
blue face square face man head;-;I now, in all good conscience can re recommend Skyrim. Here's to hoping Valve and Bethesda have learned from this massive mistake, but I wouldn't count on it. There's always Doom 4, Fallout 4 and TES VI. Happy (free) modding, everyone.
Burqa King;-;Paid for mods, sick joke brah.
Dickerious;-;Paid mods, not reccommended.
Pig honey;-;Pros: Probably one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played! Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Cons: You don't have a real life after you play this game lol
sporks5000;-;As a person with attention deficit disorder, I generally find that ten hours is the best that I can dedicate to a game without getting bored of it. I'm well past that in skyrim and am still enjoying the gameplay.
Kingy;-;I can't stop playing someone please help me...
TheKDub;-;Amazing game, lots to do, if you have never played this game then you have never lived.
Spaxey The Sultan of Swing;-;If you like a long main quest of killing, magic voices, dragons, slashing, killing, and even MORE KILLING!? GET THIS GAME!! If you want this, get it during a sale... it's really expensive. But... GET. THIS. GAME.
Gandalf the Razzmatazz;-;Like Fallout w/ guns without guns.
BobsBigBeconbutt graese;-;this games like midevil gta.......but you cant lose to cops(gurads) you have to kill and slauter every one
T-Z-UnKnown-;-;Much good    Many cool    Such awesome!    Wow.
[I.O.T] snurri_;-;this game is way over my top 10 it would be the first on my top -100000000000000000000000000000000000 i would realy recomend this game
`Hout.;-;"Like Skyrim with guns!" 10/10 IGN.